INDEX PAGE

Electronic Waste (E-waste) : 

India generates approximately 2 million tons of e-waste annually. 
When e-waste is exposed to the heat, toxic chemicals are released into the air damaging the atmosphere and our ecosystem.


Industrial Waste : 

Presently in India, about 960 million tonnes of solid waste is being generated annually. 
This create serious negative environmental impacts like infectious diseases, loss of biodiversity etc.


Domestic Waste : 

India generates 62 million tonnes of waste each year. 
Domestic Waste is causing health hazard as well as polluting to the environment endangering the life of the people at large.


Medical Waste : 

India has been generating nearly 53290 tonnes of medical waste. 
This is harmful for the environment as it results in CO2 and other poisonous toxins being released which contributes to climate change


ABOUT PAGE


ALWAYS TO BE TREATED


WHY WASTE MANAGEMENT :


Proper waste removal helps improve air and water quality as well as reduces greenhouse gas emissions. It helps in minimising the extraction of resources along with reducing pollution and energy consumption which is associated with manufacturing new materials. One of the most significant benefits of waste management is the protection of the environment and the health of the population. When the waste is disposed of efficiently, least amount of the junks reaches the landfills. By conserving space in landfills, the production of harmful substances is reduced.


 A COMMITMENT TO THE ENVIRONMENT : 


 We are responsible overseer of the environment and champions for sustainability. 
 We process 700 tonnes of waste per month thus minimizing the impact on the environment and move towards a GREENER SOCIETY. 
 A society where there will be more people aware of the waste generated and how it can be managed.


 DO THE RIGHT THING THE GREEN WAY : 


 What do you do when no one else is looking? 
 Our teams act with integrity and honesty, and focus on putting ourselves in the shoes of others to clean the waste that is generated and make the world a better place to live in to for us and the next generation after us.


WE VALUE OUR CUSTOMERS : 


 We place our customers at the center of what we do and aspire to delight them every day.
 All our customer's will be benifited and all the market benefits are transfered to the client. 
 Our door of openness and transperecy is always open due to which a lot of people follow us through.